#summary Building Transmission Remote GUI from sources
#labels Featured

Make sure you have working [http://lazarus.freepascal.org Lazarus] and [http://www.freepascal.org Free Pascal] compiler installed. 

*Free Pascal Compiler 2.6.0 and Lazarus 0.9.30.4 is used to develop Transmission Remote GUI. You may use different versions of FPC and Lazarus at your own risk.

Download the sources archive and extract it to some folder or perform svn checkout.

*Building from the command line*

There are 2 methods:
 # Using make (recommended):
  * Open terminal/command line prompt and cd to the sources folder;
  * Execute {{{make}}} command to build the application;
  * Execute {{{make zipdist}}} command to create a release .zip archive in the {{{Release}}} sub-folder.
 # Using lazbuild:
  * Open terminal/command line prompt and cd to the sources folder;
  * Execute {{{lazbuild transgui.lpi}}} command to build the application.

*Building from Lazarus IDE*
  * Run Lazarus IDE;
  * You need to install the package with transgui custom components before opening the transgui project. The package installation is needed only once. To install the package do the following:
    ** Select {{{"Package > Open package file (.lpk)..."}}} from the main menu.
    ** Locate the {{{trcomp.lpk}}} file in the program's sources folder and open it.
    ** Press the {{{Install}}} button in the package window.
    ** You will be asked to rebuild Lazarus. Do it to finish the package installation.
  * Open {{{transgui.lpi}}} project and build it.