#summary Version 1.2 released
#labels Featured

<pre>
`[+`] Draw progress bar in torrents and files lists (works on Windows only).
`[+`] Show torrent pieces map on General page when Transmission 1.60 or later is connected. Issue #99.
`[+`] Added the following daemon options available in Transmission 1.60 and later: Peek random port on daemon launch, Enable DHT, Seed ratio, Port testing.
`[+`] Support for connection profiles.
`[+`] Ability to specify remote to local path mappings in program's options.
`[+`] Ability to open file and open containing folder when path mappings are specified.
`[+`] Added ini parameter MaxFoldersHistory to [Interface] section of .ini file. Issue #101.
`[-`] Select items using right mouse click in torrent and files lists on GTK2. Issue #84.
`[-`] Reconnect window was shown if torrent deletion took too much time. Issue #79.
`[-`] Fixed connection error "Can't assign requested address" on Windows 2000 or older. Issue #90.
`[-`] Restored Win9x support.
`[-`] Fixed handling of international character in torrent path on General info page. Issue #96.
`[-`] Double click is required to select/deselect files in Add torrent window. Issue #94
`[-`] Do not transform & character to underscore in labels. Issue #104.
`[-`] More correct sorting on torrent name when there are several torrents with the same name. Issue #103.
`[-`] Fixed changing of the following options for newer versions of transmission: Incoming port, Enable peer exchange, Global peer limit.
`[-`] Fixed checking and un-checking files using Space key in Add torrent window.
`[-`] Fixed red error images on successfully running torrents on Transmission 1.74+. Issue #121.
</pre>